"I would like to share a story that myself and my friend Daisy Lewis ad-libbed yesterday night over IM. I've made it more storyish. I'm not sure it'll make much difference to anything but yeah:

Once in the forest Dragon-Bear and Rabbit-Cat, who were good friends were talking about the creatures of the forest. Dragon-Bear noted that he was often afraid of the smaller creatures of the forest, that he thought them more powerful in some ways than the larger ones. At this Rabbit-Cat became confused, so Dragon-Bear explained.

"Rabbit-Cat, once you told me that you were walking through a field and a wild antelope was striding through the field. The wild antelope was large and very much unaware of itself, and it trod upon you Rabbit tale."

"It did," said Rabbit-Cat.

"And when the Antelope did that, you were hurt, and you bit and scratched at Antelope."

"Yes," said Rabbit-Cat, "but the Antelope was large, and my claws did not hurt the Antelope very much."

"So what did you do then?" Asked Dragon-Bear.

"There are many cats," said Rabbit-Cat, "And all cats are one, together."

"I see." Said Dragon-Bear.

"So," continued Rabbit-Cat, "I found some other cats who had also been stood on by Antelope."

"And what did you do."

"We hiss and scratched at the Antelope" said Rabbit-Cat.

"And you hurt the Antelope?"

"Yes," replied Rabbit-Cat.

"But Antelope do not eat Rabbit-Cats." said Dragon-Bear.

"I know," said Antelope, "I am sorry."

At this Dragon-Bear became sad. He loved his friend Rabbit-Cat very dearly, and he did not want her to be sad, and he was not sure that he really wanted her to be sorry.

"I do not think I want you to be sorry, Rabbit-Cat" said Dragon-Bear.

"Then what?"

"You know Dragon-Bear is large, and that he bellows a lot, and that many times he plants his Dragon-Teeth around the forest when he is afraid or upset."

"Yes."

"Many cats do not like Dragon-Bear," he said, "and even many rabbits too. But Dragon-Bear is often arrogant and clumsy, and he does not mind where he is going. Many times he has been hissed at and scratched at by cats because they fear he will stand on their tail. What if I was clumsy, and stood on your tail."

"I am sorry," said Rabbit-Cat, "I will not do it again."

Again Dragon-Bear was sad. And he was sad partly for his clumsy, bellowy self. And he was more sad when he though of Rabbit-Cat's tail, but he continued on:

"I do not want you to be sorry, but there is no Dragon-Bear army to defend Dragon-Bear when he is hurt."

Dragon-Bear thought himself very wise for saying this (he often thought himself very wise). But Rabbit-Cat turned to him and said:

"I think I would like to be Rabbit-Dragon, though."

"Perhaps we could be Rabbit-Dragon together? Said Rabbit-Cat.

And Dragon-Bear said yes. But then he thought of all of the Rabbits and Cats and Dragons and Bears and Antelopes. And he thought how even were he a cat or a rabbit, even if he were Rabbit-Bear or Cat-Dragon or any or all of those things, that he would forget what it was to be Dragon-Bear, and that Rabbit-Cat would forget what it was to be Rabbit-Cat, after she had become Rabbit-Dragon. And he thought to all the fear of the animals of the forest, of his own fear, and he thought how his bellowing and his beating wings, and the Dragon's Teeth that so confused and scared the villagers, and how he sowed them still, and how he was so large and strange. And he thought that even as a Rabbit-Dragon he might stand upon the smaller creatures, though he did not mean to. And that the larger creatures might stand on his tail, though they would not mean to either. And though he cared a great deal for his friend Rabbit-Cat, he was still sad for the creatures of the forest, and thought that just that night he had bellowed very loudly, and sowed some more of the Dragon's Teeth he prized so highly. And he thought that in a way, that was very much like standing on the tail of a rabbit or a cat, or biting and scratching at a larger animal. And he did not feel so large or wise anymore. And perhaps then he became Rabbit-Dragon. He does not know."